<<<<<<< HEAD
Grow up to be a hero and a scholar? The ten-dollar Founding Father without a father Got a lot farther by working a lot harder By being a lot smarter, by being a self-starter By fourteen, they placed him in charge of a trading charter And every day while slaves were being slaughtered and carted Away across the waves, he struggled and kept his guard up Inside, he was longing for something to be a part of The brother was ready to beg, steal, borrow, or barter Then a hurricane came, and devastation reigned Our man saw his future drip, dripping down the drain Put a pencil to his temple, connected it to his brain And he wrote his first refrain, a testament to his pain Well, the word got around, they said, "This kid is insane, man" Took up a collection just to send him to the mainland "Get your education, don't forget from whence you came, and The world's gonna know your name, what's your name, man?" Alexander Hamilton My name is Alexander Hamilton And there's a million things I haven't done But just you wait, just you wait When he was ten his father split, full of it, debt-ridden Two years later, see Alex and his mother bed-ridden Half-dead sittin' in their own sick, the scent thick And Alex got better, but his mother went quick Moved in with a cousin, the cousin committed suicide Left him with nothin' but ruined pride, something new inside A voice sayin', "Alex, you gotta fend for yourself" He started retreatin' and readin' every treatise on the shelf There would have been nothin' left to do for someone less astute He woulda been dead or destitute without a cent of restitution Started workin', clerkin' for his late mother's landlord Tradin' sugar cane and rum and all the things he can't afford Scammin' for every book he can get his hands on Plannin' for the future see him now as he stands on (Ooh) The bow of a ship headed for a new land In New York, you can be a new man In New York, you can be a new man (Just you wait) In New York, you can be a new man (Just you wait) In New York, you can be a new man In New York (New York) Just you wait Alexander Hamilton (Alexander Hamilton) We are waiting in the wings for you (Waiting in the wings for you) You could never back down You never learned to take your time Oh, Alexander Hamilton (Alexander Hamilton) When America sings for you Will they know what you overcame? Will they know you rewrote the game? The world will never be the same, oh The ship is in the harbor now See if you can spot him (Just you wait) Another immigrant Comin' up from the bottom (Just you wait) His enemies destroyed his rep America forgot him We fought with him Me? I died for him Me? I trusted him Me? I loved him And me? I'm the damn fool that shot him There's a million things I haven't done But just you wait What's your name, man? Alexander Hamilton. . . . . . Machine, turn back now. The layers of this palace are not for your kind. Turn back, or you will be crossing the Will of GOD... Your choice is made. As the righteous hand of the Father, I shall REND YOU APART, and you will become inanimate once more.  What? How can this be? Bested by this... this thing? You insignificant FUCK! THIS IS NOT OVER! May your woes be many, and your days few! Machine... I will cut you down, break you apart, splay the gore of your profane form across the STARS! I will grind you down until the very SPARKS CRY FOR MERCY! My hands shall RELISH ENDING YOU... HERE! AND! NOW!
=======
to be a hero and a scholar? The ten-dollar Founding Father without a father Got a lot farther by working a lot harder By being a lot smarter, by being a self-starter By fourteen, they placed him in charge of a trading charter And every day while slaves were being slaughtered and carted Away across the waves, he struggled and kept his guard up Inside, he was longing for something to be a part of The brother was ready to beg, steal, borrow, or barter Then a hurricane came, and devastation reigned Our man saw his future drip, dripping down the drain Put a pencil to his temple, connected it to his brain And he wrote his first refrain, a testament to his pain Well, the word got around, they said, "This kid is insane, man" Took up a collection just to send him to the mainland "Get your education, don't forget from whence you came, and The world's gonna know your name, what's your name, man?" Alexander Hamilton My name is Alexander Hamilton And there's a million things I haven't done But just you wait, just you wait When he was ten his father split, full of it, debt-ridden Two years later, see Alex and his mother bed-ridden Half-dead sittin' in their own sick, the scent thick And Alex got better, but his mother went quick Moved in with a cousin, the cousin committed suicide Left him with nothin' but ruined pride, something new inside A voice sayin', "Alex, you gotta fend for yourself" He started retreatin' and readin' every treatise on the shelf There would have been nothin' left to do for someone less astute He woulda been dead or destitute without a cent of restitution Started workin', clerkin' for his late mother's landlord Tradin' sugar cane and rum and all the things he can't afford Scammin' for every book he can get his hands on Plannin' for the future see him now as he stands on (Ooh) The bow of a ship headed for a new land In New York, you can be a new man In New York, you can be a new man (Just you wait) In New York, you can be a new man (Just you wait) In New York, you can be a new man In New York (New York) Just you wait Alexander Hamilton (Alexander Hamilton) We are waiting in the wings for you (Waiting in the wings for you) You could never back down You never learned to take your time Oh, Alexander Hamilton (Alexander Hamilton) When America sings for you Will they know what you overcame? Will they know you rewrote the game? The world will never be the same, oh The ship is in the harbor now See if you can spot him (Just you wait) Another immigrant Comin' up from the bottom (Just you wait) His enemies destroyed his rep America forgot him We fought with him Me? I died for him Me? I trusted him Me? I loved him And me? I'm the damn fool that shot him There's a million things I haven't done But just you wait What's your name, man? Alexander Hamilton
>>>>>>> 6f408019a1b01e0f8d217188947ef9b6d8f7553e
